All right.
So our home page is pretty much done aside from the responsive stuff that we're gonna do our media queries
later on.
So we're gonna start on the.
About in the article Dot.
Each team L page so let's open up about what each team L..
And we're gonna be using you know the the nav bar the footer that stuff from the index page so I'm gonna
copy the whole index page and paste that in about and then we're gonna go up to the top here.
Let's change the title here to just about and let's remove the current.
We have a class of current on the link here.
We're gonna move that to the to the about page class current.
We're not going to have a showcase.
We can actually get rid of everything in between the nav bar and the footer.
So we'll get rid of all that stuff and if I save and we go to about we just have the the header and
the footer so this is basically your boilerplate for any other page you want to create on this Web site.
A lot of page a lot of page a lot of times what I will do when I'm building something like this is I'll
I'll take this and in name it like boilerplate on each team l That way if I need to create another page
I have all this.
All right.
And when later on when you get into actual programming and whether it's P HP or no J.S. whatever it
may be if you get into front and frameworks like react in view J.S. you're not going to have to copy
everything like this.
You can have what are called partials or if you're using a front end frame framework you can have components
that you can simply include into your file.
That way you don't have to do all this and for every single page.
All right.
Now we're gonna have a section here.
So let's say section and we're gonna given an idea of a boat and then inside here we're gonna have a
container case that's just going to align everything to the middle but then we're also going to have
a page container which is gonna be our grid container.
And this page container we're gonna use on any in our pages.
So the about in the article dot each team Allen if you wanted to create more pages we could use this
as well it's going to set it up.
It's going to it's going to create a grid layout so that we have a main area and then anything else
we add will just be sidebar widgets basically.
So in this page container let's create our first grid item which is gonna be an article and we're gonna
give this a class of card because we want to have that white background with the padding and then let's
do an H1 and I'm gonna give us a class of L heading because I want this to be a larger heading than
the normal.
And let's just say about our organization and then we're gonna do let's do a paragraph this paragraph
with Lorem 50 and then let's do another paragraph still within the article and we'll say Lorem 100 like
that let's do Lorem 150
so next thing is gonna be in a side so let's say a side and this is just gonna be that little join our
club thing.
So I'm going to give this a class of card but I also want it to be read I want or have the primary colors
so I'm going to do BGP dash primary I should probably put class in here
so class card and BJP primary and then let's do an H two and let's say join our club by the way I have
no idea what the club is.
It's just an example of of content widget.
So let's put paragraph here.
Let's do Lorem 10 and underneath that we'll just put an A tag with the class of B.T. n and let's do
a dark button so we'll do B T and let's to be t n dash dark and then I also want this to go all the
way across its container so let's add B T N block which I'm about 90 percent sure we we added in the
C Ss already but I'm gonna have to check.
So let's say Join Now.
Yeah.
If we look at style CSX I just want to make sure that I added this PETN.
BLOCK Yeah.
So it's going to go 100 percent across.
Gonna be display block all right so I think that's it.
Let's save this.
And basically we just have we just have our content.
You know all on one line here we want to set this to a grid and we want to have this be the main part.
And then this be in the sidebar and then anything else we add I want to be in the sidebar as well.
So let's let's go to our style sheet.
And there's nothing really we have to add that specific to the about page just the page container.
So we're gonna go down.
Let's put this.
I don't want to put it as a utility cloud or I guess I guess it kind of is a utility because we're gonna
use it in multiple page multiple pages so yeah we'll put it right below here below the list.
So let's say page dash container and just going to put a comment here and say that this is the inner
page container or grid container.
So let's display grid and then we're gonna do grid dash template dash columns and the split that I want
to use is going to be five f FIA and too far OK.
And you can experiment with how thin or or wide you want the sidebar to be but I'm going to use that.
Now how this is now with this stretching all the way down.
I mean it's gonna do this because it's just it's a five FIA to a fire and there are gonna be the same
height you may want to do this.
You may want to add another like piece of content in the same box.
But what I want to do is have this be completely separate box from the next one.
All right.
So it's up to you how you want to lay it out.
You might want to do something like this but let's let's go and say we want the page container and we
want the first child.
So basically the main article so I'm just going to say asterisk cone first child and I want to span
this across rows so going to say grid dash row we want to start at 1 and then we want to span let's
spend three and save.
OK.
So now it's just going to span down three and whatever we put next is going to go right here and then
right here and if you want to have more than three then you could you can increase this span and just
have it span as long as you want.
All right.
So let's.
This is all very close together so we're going to add some margin on the main container for the top
and bottom so we'll say to ram top and bottom zero left and right.
And then let's also do a grid gap.
So we have some space in between the actual grid items.
So grid gap is going to be one point five and save and then we go.
Now we have our margin top and bottom here we also have a grid gap and you'll see that when we create
our article page we're gonna have two boxes on the side.
So the next thing I add would be right here next one would be here.
And then after that it would go down over here because remember we're only spanning three and you could
put this to whatever you want.
Like if I put it to six it'll allow us to have six on the side but I'm just going to use three for now.
That's fine.
OK.
So we have our home page we have our about page in the next video we're gonna start to work on our article
page.